---
layout: post
title: "Slack as a Personal Information Center"
microblog: false
audio: 
date: 2016-07-19 07:17:32 -0600
guid: http://jmreekes.micro.blog/2016/07/19/slack-as-a.html
---
<a href="https://twitter.com/sethclifford?lang=en">Seth Clifford</a> has started using <a href="https://geo.itunes.apple.com/us/app/slack-team-communication/id618783545?mt=8&amp;uo=4&amp;at=1l3vx9E">Slack</a> as a <a href="http://sethclifford.me/2016/07/an-update-on-how-im-using-my-private-slack-team/">personal information center</a> and it is one of the best uses for Slack that I have seen. I&#039;m a member of a few Slack teams and spend a fair bit of time in Slack, so Seth&#039;s idea of using Slack as a personal information center just clicked and I was like &quot;Why didn&#039;t I think of this before?&quot;

I like the channel layout and usage Seth describes and I used that as a basis for my personal Slack.  The channels I&#039;m currently using are:

<ul>
    <li>alerts: Twitter follower notifications (via IFTTT) are the only alerts I have set here right now but I&#039;m in the process of adding more. </li>
    <li>blogposts: This serves the exact purpose that Seth describes in his article, an easy reference for any blog posts I publish. </li>
    <li>daily: This one is borrowed from Seth&#039;s article. I like the concept of it, but I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s for me. I have no work projects or deadlines that I have to worry about, and what minor house projects I do have are kept in 2Do and don&#039;t have a due date. The only thing I&#039;m using this channel for right now is to keep track of any new calendar events or changes to current ones, so I may rename this channel to calendar.</li>
    <li>nuzzle: Any notifications from Nuzzel are sent here. </li>
    <li>pricedrops: Tweets from <a href="https://mobile.twitter.com/MacStoriesDeals">@MacStoriesDeals</a> are sent here via IFTTT.</li>
    <li>snippets: Random quotes or bits of info are stored here.</li>
    <li>video: YouTube links that I come across that I may want to watch later are stored or copied here. I was using Drafts for this, but I like Slack better for this because Slack shows the title of the video in the posted link. </li>
</ul>

I love the idea of using Slack to keep track of alerts and notifications because I can view all the alerts I&#039;ve received without having to worry about an alert disappearing from Notification Center and not being able to find the information or article that was in that alert. My personal Slack is still a work in progress but I&#039;m really happy with it so far.

I would love to know if you use Slack as a personal information center and how you use it. Thanks for reading.
